Add crafted-ide-eglot-auto-ensure-all for enabling eglot-ensure (#396)
SystemCrafters/crafted-emacs: docs/crafted-ide.org

*** Eglot

[[https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot][Eglot]] is a client for the Language Server Protocol (LSP) built into
Emacs (>=29). For it to work, you have to have a language server
installed for the language of your choice. Usually, these have to be
installed through your operating system. See [[https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot#connecting-to-a-server][this list]] of servers that
work with Eglot out of the box.

**** Automatically start Eglot when visiting language buffers

It's convenient to add a call to ~eglot-ensure~ for major modes that
have an accompanying language server so that Eglot automatically
initializes when that major mode is activated. ~crafted-ide~ makes a
function available that will automatically register such ~eglot-ensure~

> hooks for all major modes with a detected language server. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function available that will automatically add ~eglot-ensure~
to all major mode hooks for which a language server is installed and detected. You can
```
